Brother Wuji is not as bad as you think
He's actually your father
I'm looking at the friendship between classmates for many years
It just smoked to remind you.
I advise you.
Or hurry up and break up with this Xiao Wuji
Otherwise, some of the wine you regret has not been drunk yet.
Why are you drunk?
It's all blind stuff
Stop talking nonsense
Otherwise, you must regret it.
Brother Xiao Wuji is here
How dare you be so arrogant?
I think the most tired person is you
I know what we just said hurt your self-esteem
But don't think you just need to say a few big words
It will save your face
The result will only make you more embarrassed
Okay, everyone, say less
I have already poured this wine
If you don't drink it, you won't live up to such a fine wine
come
I propose a toast to everyone's classmates
Soft taste
Taste glycol
Sure enough, it's a good wine
That's the king of Baijiu anyway
How can it be a false name?
This wine is fake
You are talking nonsense
This is the wine brought by Brother Gu.
How could it be fake?
A lowly pariah like you
How could I have drunk such a fine wine?
How can you tell the difference between true and false wine?
I drink a lot of wine
Especially Wushuang Craft Brewing
Almost a must-drink every day
Although this wine has a soft taste
But not strong enough
Although it is a good wine
But not Peerless Craft Brewing